Rework Plutip process management, accelerate tests (#1154)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: CHANGELOG.md

- `Contract.Keys` module that exposes smart constructors for `PublicKey` & `Ed25519Signature`, namely: `mkEd25519Signature`, `mkPubKey`.
- `Contract.createAdditionalUtxos` to build an expected utxo set from transaction outputs, useful for transaction chaining ([#1046](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1046)) 
- `DecodeAeson` instance for `NativeScript` data type ([#1069](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1069)).

> - `Contract.Test.Plutip.testPlutipContracts` to run multiple Plutip tests under the same Plutip instance ([#1154](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1154)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Contract.Test.Plutip.testPlutipContracts` to run multiple Plutip tests on the same Plutip cluster, saving on cluster startup time ([#1154](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1154)).
```
